You owe me 6,000 bucks
When are we leaving?
Mom answers the phone
Please answer the phone
My cousin and aunt are playing mahjong now
Ziqiang, I was followed
Can you ask my dad to pick me up?
Is it a man in black?
How did you know it was me?
A thousand dollars is over for you next day
You killed my parents
It's fair that I let people play with you.
Anyway, you've already been played
You called
Said he was going to stay with a male classmate tonight
He knew I hated it when he went to your house
Where did you live?
You are not right
Is this not a classic thing for you in the future?
Stay away from him. Dirty
Played with since childhood
Why are you still killing me for 1,000 yuan like a dead fish?
I have dismissed the case
This is so embarrassing.
I can't accept a daughter who's been raped.
Your mother is very emotional
If he knew it was Qin Qin who did it
He's going crazy
Your uncle's death hit him too hard
You can't hurt him anymore.
What about me?
What should I do?
You won't let me tell you why my uncle died
Cheng Ziqing asked someone to rape me, but you didn't let me say
Dad, do you really love me?
I am really your daughter
Summer you you have been raped
Even if you saved him and did it to you
He's already dead.
What else can you do?
Don't be so selfish in summer
Don't cause us any more trouble.
Besides you
You are not clean either
Cousin, how could it be you when you see me?
Mom, she's so far apart
What kind of disease do you have?
So dirty, who knows what disease he has
Don't be too strict, don't be infected by him back then
Auntie wants to give you a gift.
What's your little one?
Today light brings etiquette
Thank you, Aunty.
Mom?
If I die
Will you regret it?
Leave it to me